hello YouTube fluffy laser here with
another diablo 3 video for you this time
something a little bit different in this
video i'm going to show you a very fast
way of leveling in diablo 3 i came
across this while progressing through
how difficulty and i thought you know
what this to make this a little bit
easier i would like to gain a few levels
because it's getting a little bit hard
so i did a little bit searching and i
found this so i thought i'd share this
with you guys it could help you out if
you just want to gain those few levels
so let's get straight into it so the
first thing you want to do is select the
quest the black soulstone in act 2 and
select soul stone chamber now this is a
quest to kill a boss called Zoltan cull
I believe his name is now if you haven't
got this question then you will need to
play through the game to get it I advise
doing it on at least nightmare
difficulty to get the most XP from it
now this boss is pretty simple to kill
just literally focus him down ignore his
golems and the best part of it is you
there was hardly any travel time to get
to him and get back to your quiz killer
so literally just focus the guy down
don't worry about the golems if you have
a little bit life steals from abilities
to still life then it's extremely easy I
have revenge which restores health and I
kill this guy pretty fast I mean it's a
matter of 20 seconds or so once you've
killed the boss you need to run over and
grab this floating stone looking thing
just get the cinematic to make things a
lot quicker now I believe this quest did
actually get a little bit of an earth on
the XP rewards but it is still probably
the fastest way because the XP is still
pretty good you have to teleport out
once you've killed the boss and just
hand in the quest there we go you do get
36 k XP and about 1.8 k of gold now just
log out change the quest back to the
quest again select it and you just do
that all over again now some of you
might be saying now come on dude this is
this isn't
isn't good like this isn't how the game
is supposed to be played but if you were
like me and you're progressing through
hell difficulty you're finding things a
little bit difficult and you need the
extra bit of an edge this is the best
way to gain a couple of levels very
quickly now this is the pure reason why
I did this pretty much is just to get
that extra bit of an edge because I was
finding things a little bit difficult I
don't have the time to be dying all the
time I'm I do have other things to do
and I just haven't got the time to to
waste so I needed the extra few levels
and this was the best way I found to do
it so I'm just going to speed it up
really quick just so you guys can see
exactly how fast you can gain the XP in
this now i did i do level up in this
this clip at the end so you will see
that this is also a very good way of
making money i did actually make quite a
bit of money doing this a good hundreds
of thousands of gold what probably about
a hundred thousand gold I would say so
it isn't too bad if you really wanted to
pick up the items he drops to sell them
then go ahead but i just wanted to do
this as fast as possible to get as much
XP in this timeframe as possible if you
are a barbarian you can do what I did
after this video and use abilities like
leap and furious charge just to get to
the boss even quicker I mean I think get
into the boss killing him and then
getting back to hand the question I
think takes about a total of two minutes
if you're extremely quick you might be
able to get it down to about a minute
and a half so 36,000 XP and about 2 K
gold is pretty good for two minutes of
work so I hope this helped you out if it
did then be sure to leave the video
alike let me know what you think this
tactic I mean if you don't like it then
sure you everyone's entitled to their
opinion but thanks for watching guys be
sure to give the video a like and I hope
this helped hell mode bosses coming very
very soon and be sure to check out my
previous videos which are linked at the
end of this one place watching guys and
I will see you in my next video also
don't forget to subscribe for my
upcoming videos
you